# CSGames-Croesus-Stocks-2023

## Context
The founders of Atlantis need to raise capital to finance the construction of their underwater city.
To do this, they decide to invest $1000000 in the stock market.
In addition, they are lucky to have in their possession an oracle that allows them to see the price of company shares up to a month in the future!

## Description
Your challenge is to write a program that will suggest stock trades to be made over a predetermined period of time in order to maximize profit on an initial investment. The proposed time period is entirely in the past.

You will be evaluated on the total amount of profit generated by your sequence of transactions, as well as the structure, style and creativity of your code, which you will have to submit at the end of the challenge.

### Input
The inputs to your program will be the parameters of a stock market simulation:
- A list of stock symbols to which your investment should be limited:
  - For example 'GM' and 'F' are stock symbols for General Motors and Ford respectively.
- A start date
  - For example 2023/01/01
- An end date
  - For example 2023/02/01
- An initial amount to invest
  - For example $1000000

### Output
Your program will need to produce a list of transactions in JSON that you will need to submit to a validation API to ensure compliance and get the final total value of your investment. See [API_SPECS.md](./API_SPECS.md) for details.

### Rules
The rules of the challenge are as follows:
- You can execute a maximum of one transaction per day;
- You can only hold one title at a time:
  - So at all times, all the money must be in your possession in cash or invested in one of the securities permitted for the current simulation;
- The quantity of shares held is not limited to being a whole value:
  - For example, if the price of GM stock is $39.31, you can buy a quantity of 25438.8196388;
- It is not allowed to make transactions during weekends or public holidays.
- The price used for the calculations will be the “Open” price

### Strategy
Some ideas:
- If you do not trade, you are sure not to lose money!
- You can use an arbitrary strategy:
  - On the first day, start by buying a stock at random
  - For each day, arbitrarily decide to keep it or exchange it for another
  - On the last day, sell the security held
- Try to see “in the future” (always within the start and end dates) if the price of a security increases or decreases in order to decide whether to buy or sell it

The means to be used to obtain past security prices (or any other information you deem relevant) are at your discretion. The Yahoo! Finance is a good place to start, and it will be the official prize source that will be used to calculate each team's profit at the end of the challenge.

## Procedure
The first 2h30 minutes of the challenge will be in test mode. Then, 30 minutes before the end of the challenge, the parameters of the final simulation will be communicated to you.

### Test Simulation
Test simulation settings: [TEST_SIM.md](./TEST_SIM.md)

### Final simulation
Parameters of the final simulation: [FINAL_SIM.md](./FINAL_SIM.md)

### Validation API
Details for validation API: [API_SPECS.md](./API_SPECS.md)

## Submission
Before the end of the challenge you will have to:
- Submit your result for the test challenge to the Validation API
  - Only your last submission will be retained
- Submit your result for the final challenge to the validation API
  - Only your last submission will be retained
- Submit your code for the evaluation part of the quality and creativity of your solution.
  - To do this, you will need to create a public Git repo and send us the link so that we can access your code.

## Evaluation criteria
Here are the different evaluation criteria:
- Profit for test simulation: max. 400pts
- Profit for the final simulation: max. 700pts
- Quality and creativity of the solution: max. 200pts
- Algorithm execution time: max. 100pts
- Maximum possible score: 1400pts